Enable PO for Grouped GEMM (Ref & Micro) (#5134)
oneapi-src/oneDNN: doc/primitives/matmul.md

>   and `[1, 1]` that could be used to apply a global scale for NVFP4.
>   For grouped binary tensors, the per-group offsets must match the grouped dst
>   partition.
>   @note The GPU implementation supports at most one dense binary multiplication
>   post-op and at most one grouped binary multiplication post-op. Providing more
>   than one of either kind is not supported on GPU.
> - Bias supports per-expert shape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
partition.

@warning The GPU implementation supports at most one dense binary multiplication
post-op and at most one grouped binary multiplication post-op. Providing more
than one of either kind is not supported on GPU. 

- Bias supports per-expert shape.
```

Reviewer: it is not rendered correctly right now, plus warning seem like a more appropriate kind of note here

Author: Personally warning seems harsh but since document is your domain I can change it

Reviewer: I think note vs warning is indeed debatable, but the main idea is that warning is harder to discard when reading, which is important here, since we're talking about limitation of GPU impl. 
My main concern initially was that it was not rendered correctly.

Author: I changed it but one could also use @attention which is stronger than note and is preferable for limitation details.

Reviewer: attention could work, but is not used currently in our documentation; anyways, since incorrect rendering is fixed now, I'm resolving the thread :)
